hey guys today we're doing episode 2
again and today we're on the third level
I'm pretty sure yep Jedi battle we're
gonna do free play ah yeah okay we have
to kill a certain amount of droids here
and I just jump through fire and I'm
still alive okay I I just want to tell
you at the time i'm recording this video
I've been experiencing some uploading
problems and I really hope it doesn't
happen like it used to because i
remember i think it was like a couple
months ago and i have really bad
uploading problems and really that
really really really pisses me off when
my videos don't upload because i like to
get them up on the schedule it just gets
annoying when you try and get them up i
really hope that doesn't happen again
though i'm going to try uploading this
another time but
I love doing Let's Plays but that's the
only problem with making videos is the
inconvenience of getting completely
screwed over and your uploads won't work
okay we have three more to go I can find
these guys they're the red ones crap Oh
God it really looks like some of these
Jedi are shirtless that's really weird
to point that out but it kind of does
okay now we got super battle droids and
bowel droids
the Jedi here don't really have any cool
characteristics really they're just
pretty much you know random looking Lego
characters with lightsabers okay
these two Dino seems were just like
completely sitting there doing nothing
before I came
okay I have no idea oh there's a red
battle droid there only two more droids
left super battle droids stick out the
most so here it is
now the red battle droid is only one I
have left I can find him
just where I need him Oh Jango Fett now
yeah you fight him again here
ah
you can't slash from I don't think
god this rarely crappie angle here of
the camera
oh my god okay
ok gotta finish this quick okay thank
God so this was part 9 I hope you
enjoyed please subscribe and stay tuned
for next part where we will be going to
UM
gunship kavari or cavalry whatever you
want to call it this level used to be
difficult for me but now it's not
difficult at all and there's only five
episodes air chapters in episode 2 so
yeah after that we're done so thanks for
watching goodbye and yeah subscribe